that's about last one gimma who the
suburbs for market el asesor could be
worth a shot bismillah today is Friday
this woman is saying I would like to go
to the supermarket to get some stuff in
the name of God a normal journey for
millions of women around the world but
this woman could face a prison sentence
for it this video posted on a social
media website on Friday shows a woman in
Saudi Arabia defying the country's
driving ban while there is no law
against women driving in the country
Saudi law requires citizens to use a
locally issued license such licenses are
not issued to women making it
effectively illegal for them to drive
but the law is being increasingly
challenged by activists with thousands
joining Facebook groups and Internet
campaigns that teach women how to drive
this woman activist manal al-sharif was
arrested last month after posting a
similar video of herself driving and
calling on others to do the same she was
released but faces charges of damaging
the kingdom's reputation conservatives
have also launched their own Facebook
campaign calling on people to beat up
any woman who tries to drive on the
street the issue was addressed by King
Abdullah in an interview in 2005 who
said it was only a matter of time before
women could drive but that people had to
be ready for it this Saudi woman is
clearly ready but whether her fellow
citizens and the kingdom share her views
remains to be seen sunita rap I Reuters
you